Sister Yuan, I'm doing it for you
This minister must be out-point
Oh, dear.
You gave me to Feng Shao
I haven't settled the bill with you yet.
Fang Chen is my bodyguard
Tomorrow I will go to Allure Group to take over as president
You are not allowed to touch him
I want the gods to protect you
I want the gods to protect you, how can you have hair?
Landlord sister
What are you doing here?
That's my hair.
No, your hair is not that long.
Little brother, have you ever been here with a woman?
Still sleeping in your bed
Tell my sister
Is there any sister sweet?
Sister Tan, you have been renting a house with me for three years
Not looking for a job
loafing around every day
Even come home in the middle of the night
before
I accidentally saw you in and out of that Lan Gui
Alley, so I determine that you are the cowherd
Relying on Sister Tan
You misunderstood me.
Actually I didn't misunderstand
Don't do this again
That's youth rice
Will hollow out the body